Support markers (#181)
JuliaPlots/UnicodePlots.jl: README.md

```
![Scatterplot Screenshot2](https://github.com/JuliaPlots/UnicodePlots.jl/raw/unicodeplots-docs/doc/imgs/2.x/scatterplot2.png)

> `markers` is supported, choose from (:circle, :rect, :diamond, :hexagon, :cross, :xcross, :utriangle, :dtriangle, :rtriangle, :ltriangle, :pentagon, :star4, :star5, :star6, :star8, :vline, :hline, :+, :x) or use a `Char` or unit length `String`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`markers` is supported, choose from a `Char`, unit length `String`, or common symbol names such as `:circle` (more from `keys(UnicodePlots.MARKER)`)
```
